docs(cpt): add CPT javadoc links (#8584)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/testing/getting-started.md

- How to [test AI agent processes](/components/agentic-orchestration/test-ai-agents.md)
- Best practices for [writing process tests](/components/best-practices/development/testing-process-definitions.md)

> Additionally, you can explore the [full Javadoc reference](https://javadoc.io/doc/io.camunda/camunda-process-test-java/latest/io/camunda/process/test/api/package-summary.html) for more information.

Reviewer: I would slightly rewrite that whole section, something like:

```suggestion
## Next steps

Learn more about the following topics:

- `CamundaAssert` and [assertions](assertions.md)
- `CamundaProcessTestContext` and [utilities](utilities.md)
- How to [configure the runtime](configuration.md)
- How to [test AI agent processes](/components/agentic-orchestration/test-ai-agents.md)
- Best practices for [writing process tests](/components/best-practices/development/testing-process-definitions.md)

Explore the [Camunda process test Java API reference](https://javadoc.io/doc/io.camunda/camunda-process-test-java/latest/io/camunda/process/test/api/package-summary.html) for details.
```
